Port Town
  A RubygameWeekend challenge
  by Roger Ostrander ( atiaxi at gmail.com )
  Proper credit in THANKS
  License info in COPYING
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ABOUT

  Yer favorite tradin' port an' plunderin' spot's been overrun by the undead!
  Best send them back to Davy Jones' locker, so ye can get back to lootin'!  

REQUIREMENTS
	
  Rubgygame version 2.3.0 or better (http://rubygame.sourceforge.net/)
  	
HOW TO INSTALL

  If you downloaded this as a gem, just do (as root):
  
    gem install porttown-<version>.gem
  
  If you downloaded the .tar.gz or got this from github, no installation is 
  necessary.
  
HOW TO RUN

  If you installed the gem, you should just be able to type 'porttown' at the
  command prompt.  Keep in mind some distros don't automatically put the gems
  binary directory in the path; on my system it's /var/lib/gems/1.8/bin
  
  If you're running this from source:
  
    cd porttown-<version>
    ./bin/porttown
    
HOW TO PLAY

  This section explains how to play the default map ("pirates").
  
  You are the pirates, fighting to take the town back from zombies.  Each turn,
  you will be able to place between 1 and 3 new pirates.  Valid spots include 
  anywhere you already have pirates, or anywhere next to that.  Keep in mind
  you can only have 10 pirates at any one location.
  
  When you have placed all your pirates, the zombies (played by the computer)
  will get between 1 and 6 new zombies, and place them randomly.
  
  At the end of the turn, if there are pirates and zombies in the same location,
  they will fight.  Each pirate will roll 2 dice against each zombie, and that
  zombie rolls one die.  If either of the pirate's rolls beat the zombie's,
  the pirates win.  If the zombie rolls better, the zombie kills the pirate,
  who himself rises as another zombie.  Pirates can also critically hit if they
  roll 2 ones, and automatically win.  Once the pirates have fought the zombies,
  the zombies fight back similarly.
  
  For every 4 civilians in a pirate-occupied square, you can loot enough swag
  to pay for another pirate, who will appear in that location.  Zombies also
  have a chance to turn civilians undead.
  
  You win if, at the end of the turn, there are more pirates in the Graveyard
  than zombies, and you lose if there are more zombies at the Pirate Ship than
  pirates.
  
  Good luck!
  
MULTIPLAYER

  Port Town supports hotseat multiplayer.  To have someone else play the
  zombies, use the --human option:
  
    porttown --human 2
    
  This indicates that player 2 is to be human.  Similarly, to play as zombies
  against computer controlled pirates:
  
    porttown --human 2 --cpu 1
    
SPEED

  By default, messages will last on screen for 3 seconds, and the AI will wait
  2.5 seconds before making a move, so you can see the results.  To speed this
  up you can click the messages to force the AI to move, or use the 
  --text-speed and --ai-speed options:
  
    porttown --text-speed 5000 --ai-speed 1000
    
  That setting would make the text persist for 5 seconds, but the AI would only
  take one second to move.
  